[expo-camera] ability to modify video bitrate on android (#4878)
expo/expo: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `fallbackLabel` option to `LocalAuthentication.authenticateAsync` on iOS which allows to customize a title of the fallback button when the system doesn't recognize the user and asks to authenticate via device passcode. ([#4612](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/4612) by [@changLiuUNSW](https://github.com/changLiuUNSW))
- added `native` mode for Android SplashScreen on standalone apps by [@bbarthec](https://github.com/bbarthec) ([#4567](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/4567))

> - added `videoBitrate` option for camera component on android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `videoBitrate` option for camera on Android by [@xHeinrich] ([#4878])
```
